capital = 468

#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = QUE_adélard_godbout
recruit_character = QUE_acr
recruit_character = QUE_stc
recruit_character = QUE_awt
recruit_character = QUE_pot
recruit_character = QUE_mt
recruit_character = QUE_ncm
recruit_character = QUE_nt
recruit_character = QUE_acd2
recruit_character = QUE_fascist_guy
recruit_character = QUE_ncs
recruit_character = QUE_nccr
recruit_character = QUE_aco2
recruit_character = QUE_communist_guy
recruit_character = QUE_ai2
recruit_character = QUE_ar
recruit_character = QUE_coi
recruit_character = QUE_acas
recruit_character = QUE_acgs
recruit_character = QUE_aa2
recruit_character = QUE_democratic_guy

468 = {
	add_core_of = QUE
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = CAN_conscription_crisis
	}
}
466 = {
	add_core_of = QUE
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = CAN_conscription_crisis
	}
}
837 = {
	add_core_of = QUE
	add_dynamic_modifier = {
		modifier = CAN_conscription_crisis
	}
}
730 = {
	add_claim_by = QUE
}

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort

	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 93
	fascism = 3
	communism = 4
}

